Azure client upgrade to allow identity options (#15287)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/azure.md

|--------|---------------|-----------|-------|
|`druid.storage.type`|azure||Must be set.|
|`druid.azure.account`||Azure Storage account name.|Must be set.|
|`druid.azure.key`||Azure Storage account key.|Optional. Set one of key, sharedAccessStorageToken or useAzureCredentialsChain.|
|`druid.azure.sharedAccessStorageToken`||Azure Shared Storage access token|Optional. Set one of key, sharedAccessStorageToken or useAzureCredentialsChain..| 
|`druid.azure.useAzureCredentialsChain`|Use [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-java-stable) for authentication|Optional. Set one of key, sharedAccessStorageToken or useAzureCredentialsChain.|False|

> |`druid.azure.managedIdentityClientId`|If you want to used managed identity auth in the DefaultAzureCredential. useAzureCredentialsChain must be true.||Optional.| 

Reviewer: Minor nit
```suggestion
|`druid.azure.managedIdentityClientId`|If you want to use managed identity authentication in the `DefaultAzureCredential`, `useAzureCredentialsChain` must be true.||Optional.| 
```
